So, depending on what syntax you're
comfortable with, here are some syntaxes
associated with that same Marsh
collage that we just went through,
there's the span and
the area or the number.
What I want you to do is fork it, and
then write a desktop first layout for
this design using media queries.
Exactly what we just did, just go ahead
and do it now with a different syntax.
And if you are feeling
a little bit bored and
you wanna make this a little
bit more difficult,
see if you can reorder everything and
make this mobile first instead, so
with a min with media query instead of
a max width media query, all right?
Well, hopefully you were able to
address a particular issue, and
we have the moon pictures here
I had said the Mars picture,
that was a mistake,
it's the moon pictures.
And so, I took the span syntax here,
append for
the moons of Jupiter,
and what I have here is
a layout that goes like
this as we get smaller.
So we went from stacking everybody
on top of each other just like this,
one on top of the other,
and as I make this bigger,
then we've got the text next to the moons,
and
then we have this kind of sort
of a layout like this, okay?
So how did I make that magic happen?
What I've got over here on
my content in the CSS here,
basically this first part you kinda
know already in terms of the layouts and
how we pull things out and make them
go to different parts of the page.
So the interesting part of the media
queries, I have a max width media query at
750 pixels, and this is going to stack
everybody one on top of the other.
I have to turn off the positioning for
the third child, the Europa moon, and
I have to turn off the grid column for
the last child, which is Ganymede.
And when I turn those off, then things
stack on top of each other very nicely.
Okay, then the trick that I use when I get
to 500 pixels, and it's one that I use
often, is I just turn off grid altogether,
so I just set it to display block.
And so block, of course,
is the figure default behavior,
it's what is set in HTML by default.
And when you set it to display block,
there's nothing else to override,
you don't have to turn off grid
template columns, grid template rows,
grid column, grid row, you don't
have to change any of those things.
We've just neutralized everything
with just display block, and
now everything will stack on
top of each other really well.
The one thing you will lose when you make
everything stacked on top of each other is
the space in between each of these items,
because you also turn off your grid gap.
So, what will happen instead is we need
to add to this a margin on the bottom of
something like 2rem, and that will give us
a lovely space in between each of these,
so that they aren't all smashed together,
okay?
So this is a solution,
I was very nonspecific about what you
should do in terms of making things
look different with media queries.
It is very likely your
answers are different,
possibly very different than mine and
that's totally cool.
If things look different at all
these different breakpoints,
then you have gotten the whole point
of this particular assignment.
Any questions at this point in time?
>> So, as of right now, the way you kinda
described it is let's say you have four
breakpoints at 500 pixels 600 pixels,
700, 800.
>> Great.
>> You'd have to do a media query for
each one,
is there a way to combine them into
one media query that's [INAUDIBLE].
>> If you want changes to
happen at each of those,
then you have to have a media query for
each one of those.
And it could be that you're just
changing one tiny little thing, right?
I just want the font size
to go down this little bit,
then you need a media query for that.
You may have other things inside of that
media query, but it doesn't have to be.
It could just be that one tiny little
thing, and then your next media query,
maybe that's got ten things,
and the media query after that,
maybe it's only got two things.
And that's totally cool,
the whole page doesn't have to change.